gh-81325: tarfile should accept a path-like object when writing a compressed gzip (#137188)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-07-28-23-11-29.gh-issue-81325.jMJFBe.rst

> :mod:`tarfile` now accepts a path-like object when writing a compressed gzip.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:class:`tarfile.Tarfile` now accepts a :term:`path-like <path-like object>` when working on a tar archive.
```
tarfile supports more compression formats than gzip, and this should also work when reading tarfiles, so I would make the news entry a bit more generic.

Author: It's fine by me. I also debated whether to refer to it simply as archives.
